---
layout: post
title: The Curious Case of Ben Brooks Spitefulness
date: 2012-03-12 08:57
post-link: http://brooksreview.net/2012/03/harder-than-opting-out-of-tsa-screening/
---

In an article that was originally more harshly entitled "Harder than opting out of TSA screening" judging from the permalink, Ben Brooks requests a cancellation of his of Readability publisher account:

bq.. I asked them to do this five days ago and not only has it not happened, but they seem to just be ignoring the request.

That seems awfully shady.

p. Writing an article entitled "You Can Sign-up, But You Can Never Leave" seems a bit spiteful to me.  "Never" is a long time but according to Ben, "never" counts as longer than 3 business days.

Why the delay?

From Ben's screen shot, he emailed Rich Ziade (not their Support staff I might add) on 6:58pm on Wednesday night directly.  Let's also consider that Rich Ziade has been on vacation since Wednesday night "according to Chris Dary":https://twitter.com/#!/chrisdary/status/178918122454126592.

Had Ben had emailed their Support staff of 2 people his opt out would have been processed within a day or 2 "according to Chris":https://twitter.com/#!/chrisdary/status/178922211296559105.

It all seems very spiteful towards Readability and their small team.  Personally I feel that previously being announced as "iPhone App of the Week":http://www.flickr.com/photos/zeldman/6949783445/ and launching an "Android version of their app today":http://blog.readability.com/2012/03/readability-android/ is a big achievement for the small team at Readability.  They don't deserve to be accused of being called "shady".

