---
layout: page
title: Crypto affiliate links
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

h2. My Affiliate Links

Here are some cryptocurrency affiliate links.

h3. Exchanges

<ul class="posts">
  <li><a href="https://www.atomic-trade.com?refid=R11NVAK3">Atomic Trade:</a> I haven't traded here but they do have some interesting trading pairs. FinCEN registered and based in New Jersey.</li>
  <li><a href="https://www.bitfinex.com/?refcode=N9u4dafizU">Bitfinex:</a> Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and Darkcoin.</li>
  <li><a href="https://c-cex.com/?rf=4FECF5061C7C80AD">C-CEX:</a> C-CEX exchange tends to list newer alt-coins.</li>
  <li><a href="https://www.coinmkt.com/?affiliateId=F6F4075C61454A94841EA4B7BAE9CB15">CoinMkt:</a> Buy and trade Bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies with fiat. FinCEN registered exchange and based in California.</li>
  <li><a href="https://www.coins-e.com/?ref=5019991480991744">Coins-E:</a> Coins-E was the first exchange to list Maxcoin and Razorcoin.</li>
  <li><a href="https://www.cryptsy.com/users/register?refid=85406">Cryptsy:</a> Cryptsy is one of the oldest exchanges and has a ton of trading pairs. FinCEN registered and based in Florida.</li>
  <li><a href="https://www.melotic.com/#/?action=register&referral_code=e2dbbf9">Melotic:</a> Melotic is an interesting exchange based out of Hong Kong that lists alt coins for trading.</li>
  <li><a href="https://www.okcoin.com/?invid=2013968">OKCoin:</a> OKCoin is based out of China and provides futures trading with 10x leverage.</li>
  <li><a href="https://yobit.net/?bonus=vKyaZ">YoBit:</a> YoBit is a newer exchange that lists some new coins.</li>
</ul>

h3. Mining rental

<ul class="posts">
  <li><a href="http://www.miningrigrentals.com/register?ref=3146">Mining Rig Rentals:</a> I've only used BetaRigs but I've heard good things about Mining Rig Rentals.</li>
</ul>

h3. Other coin related

<ul class="posts">
  <li><a href="https://localbitcoins.com/?ch=33z7">Local Bitcoins:</a> Buy Bitcoins with fiat currency from a person near your physical location.</li>
  <li><a href="https://qoinpro.com/4beb49da61d815a60f34a684bb5bb692">Quinpro:</a> Earn free Bitcoins and other coins every 24 hours.</a>
</ul>

h3. Other services

<ul class="posts">
  <li><a href="https://www.digitalocean.com/?refcode=571ac31ec1b5">DigitalOcean:</a> DigitalOcean's virtual machines run on SSD's and are fast. I wrote a <a href="http://julianyap.com/2013/10/08/digital-ocean-first-impressions.html">review</a> about them.</li>
  <li><a href="http://www.namecheap.com/?aff=25649">Namecheap:</a> I switched over all my domains from GoDaddy to Namecheap when GoDaddy supported SOPA. Namecheap accepts Bitcoin as a payment method.</li>
</ul>

