---
layout: page
title: Projects
---

h1. {{ page.title }}

h2. My iOS projects

<ul class="posts">
  <li><a href="http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/nikon-lens-buddy-lenses-for/id459052975?mt=8&uo=4&at=11l5Jj&ct=jy">Nikon Lens Buddy:</a> Over 180 Nikon, Sigma, Tamron and Tokina lenses for Nikon cameras. Over 720 lens reviews. For iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad.</li>
  <li><a href="http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/canon-lens-buddy-lenses-for/id450111426?mt=8&uo=4&at=11l5Jj&ct=jy">Canon Lens Buddy:</a> Over 180 Canon, Sigma, Tamron, Carl Zeiss and Tokina lenses for Canon DSLR's. Over 895 lens reviews. For iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad.</li>
  <li><a href="http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mirrorless-lenses/id428755110?mt=8&uo=4&at=11l5Jj&ct=jy">Mirrorless Lenses:</a> Over 90 Micro Four Thirds, Nikon CX, Sony E, Samsung NX, Pentax Q and Four Thirds Mount lenses. Over 300 reviews. For iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad.</li>
  <li><a href="http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/olympus-lens-buddy/id492533928?mt=8&uo=4&at=11l5Jj&ct=jy">Olympus Lens Buddy:</a> Over 60 Olympus, Panasonic, Samyang, Noktor, Sigma and Voigtländer lenses for Olympus cameras. Over 265 reviews. For iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad.</li>
  <li><a href="http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/panasonic-lens-buddy/id497328941?mt=8&uo=4&at=11l5Jj&ct=jy">Panasonic Lens Buddy:</a> Over 60 Panasonic, Olympus, Samyang, Noktor, Sigma and Voigtländer lenses for Panasonic cameras. Over 265 reviews. For iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad.</li>
  <li><a href="http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/quick-signature/id525393558?mt=8&uo=4&at=11l5Jj&ct=jy">Quick Signature:</a> Quick Signature is the quickest and easiest way to add multiple email signature support to your iPhone and iPad!</a>
  <li><a href="http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/quick-text-message/id583729997?mt=8&uo=4&at=11l5Jj&ct=jy">Quick Text Message:</a> Quick Text Message is the quickest and easiest way to send frequently used text messages on your iPhone!</a>
  <li><a href="http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pdf-this-page/id676493812?mt=8&uo=4&at=11l5Jj&ct=jy">PDF This Page:</a> PDF This Page is the quickest and easiest way to save your favorite web content to PDFs to view anywhere, anytime!</a>
  <li><a href="http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/red-web-to-pdf-converter/id734337654?mt=8&uo=4&at=11l5Jj&ct=jy">Red - Web to PDF Converter:</a> Red is designed for iOS 7 and is the quickest and easiest way to save your favorite web content to PDFs to view anywhere, anytime!</a>
</ul>

h2. My cryptocurrency projects

Email newsletter

<ul class="posts">
  <li><a href="http://cryptocurrencyweekly.com">CryptocurrencyWeekly.com:</a> Subscribe to a hand picked round up of the best Cryptocurrency links every week. Curated and published every Friday. Free.</li>
</ul>

Block Explorers

<ul class="posts">
  <li><a href="http://ctminsight.buddylabsapps.com">Continuumcoin Blockchain Explorer</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://nautinsight.buddylabsapps.com">Nautiluscoin Blockchain Explorer</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://petroinsight.buddylabsapps.com">PetroDollar Blockchain Explorer</a></li>
</ul>

Mac QT wallets

<ul class="posts">
  <li>Continuumcoin (CTM)</li>
  <li>Dirac (XDQ)</li>
  <li>Nautiluscoin (NAUT)</li>
  <li>OpenSourceCoin (OSC)</li>
  <li>Zimstake (ZS)</li>
</ul>

